Clarify and improve setup instructions (#4247)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/setup/kubernetes/install/kubernetes/index.md

    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/quick-start/
---

> Follow these instructions to quickly evaluate Istio in a Kubernetes cluster on any platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this guide to quickly evaluate Istio in a Kubernetes cluster on any platform.
```
